# App-Profile-Reccomendation
Our aim in this project is to find mobile app profiles that are profitable for the App Store and Google Play markets.
We're working as data analysts for a company that builds Android and iOS mobile apps, and our job is to enable our team of developers to make data-driven decisions with respect to the kind of apps they build.
At our company, we only build apps that are free to download and install, and our main source of revenue consists of in-app ads. This means that our revenue for any given app is mostly influenced by the number of users that use our app. Our goal for this project is to analyze data to help our developers understand what kinds of apps are likely to attract more users.
This niche seems to be dominated by software for processing and reading ebooks, as well as various collections of libraries and dictionaries, so it's probably not a good idea to build similar apps since there'll be some significant competition.
We also notice there are quite a few apps built around the book Quran, which suggests that building an app around a popular book can be profitable. It seems that taking a popular book (perhaps a more recent book) and turning it into an app could be profitable for both the Google Play and the App Store markets.
However, it looks like the market is already full of libraries, so we need to add some special features besides the raw version of the book. This might include daily quotes from the book, an audio version of the book, quizzes on the book, a forum where people can discuss the book, e
Conclusions. 
In this project, we analyzed data about the App Store and Google Play mobile apps with the goal of recommending an app profile that can be profitable for both markets.
We concluded that taking a popular book (perhaps a more recent book) and turning it into an app could be profitable for both the Google Play and the App Store markets. The markets are already full of libraries, so we need to add some special features besides the raw version of the book. This might include daily quotes from the book, an audio version of the book, quizzes on the book, a forum where people can discuss the book, etc.
